Marc, your model has an enormous
particularity, your business model,
and it combines two business
models within it, within the
platforms, which is the social
network, which mainly provides value
through that network effect generated
by users and generated by
the content that those users
share on the social network, as
it could be Instagram, which
are users and photos, but it is
combined with a marketplace
model, and this is, I think
that in your sector it is unique,
and I imagine that it has a
series of advantages that
I would like to have...
Yes, I think that is, as you say,
a very unique model in the fashion
sector, a model that in other
sectors there are things that
look like, not equal...
They have combined social networking with...
They combined, not social network,
but user-generated content, that
is, for example, is the model of
House in the United States,
which is a company of a value of
4 billion, 40 million users per
month, where it has user-generated
content because users play it,
but are above all professionals,
it is not so much social
network.
But well, you asked me what are the
advantages, and I would start a little
with the disadvantage, and that is
also for us is a challenge, and is that
you do not have a line to follow,
that is, there are many models, that
is, I copy this business model from
a player that is in the United
States, I will do it in the countries
in the south of Europe, and I fix,
it is like a mirror, and I will
do it here, a little molding
the product to your market.
In our case, you don’t have a
line, that is, you have a world.
Because you have created, it is innovation.
Exactly, and with which you don’t
have a line to follow, but you’re
trying to validate it long, and that’
s every day, validating your
hypotheses about your goal.
I think the important thing is to
have a goal to see if your changes
you make in the product, in
the strategy, are aligned with
that goal.
Because if not, in a model like
ours, where you don’t have a path
to follow, it would be totally
mad that.
We would be piloting every
day, and we’t get what we want.
Indeed, that is the disadvantage,
because you have opened the way
and you have no one to look at.
and exact.
The advantage, we are the first,
with which you can do with the market
if you know how to do it well.
Second advantage, it is a model
that at first is true, that, especially
investors, has more risk, because
you can not compare that
is right and that is wrong.
But when you can prove that you’re
just doing well, many people
are interested in investing in something
unique, because it can
become something bigger.
And finally, the advantage, or one
of the last, is at the market level.
In the end, I’m not competing with
other players in the markets, and
I don’t have to go to get a position
that another had.
In this sense, we are the first
to open that market, it is also true
that it costs more because you
have to explain what the product
is and people don’t know.
But then the user, you get it and
it’s very complicated for others.
What you’re talking about now is
not the entire business model
itself, but it’s a bit of
the positioning of the value proposal.
Of course, as it is new, it is more
difficult that in a minute you explain
it to me, because if I never know
it, it requires more details than
when it is something I already know
that I already buy it to another.
This is a proposed
value.
If we do the business model analysis
so very quickly, and we are both consultants
and sure we do it well, if we compare
it with, that is, you are a mix of
a social network and a marketplace,
if we compare it so only with a social
network, I think, in principle,
but you can correct me, that the
advantage is that by incorporating
it in the marketplace you have been
able to monetize and earn money much
earlier than if it was just
a social network, I understand.
See, each has its business model
in the sense that it is true
that we have become a social
network that we can monetize
both at the level of advertising,
as is the business model on
Instagram, Facebook, etc.,
and we add the part of transactionality.
That’s very good because you have
those two channels and they
open a lot more that you don’t
need to enter, but we have those
two options when a social network
doesn’t have it.
It is an advantage, yes, because
the value proposal is good for the
user, we could have a social network
with purchase but that the product
itself does not fit with the user.
Yes, now forgetting a little of the
value proposal, but only from the
point of view of the luxury income,
I think it is an advantage over the
social network and if we compare it
only with the marketplace, by
incorporating the social network
what you get is more engagement,
I understand.
Exactly, in the end we have a marketplace
as a business, but where users,
and that everyone sees it as
they see it, because they see
it as a social network.
And it is true, and that we
want users to see Tonteo & Button
as a social network and we
want it to be so, that Tonteo
& Button remains a social
network.
Why is?
Because this brings you virality,
this brings you much more engagement, etc.
That is, it doesn’t mean that the business
is better or worse than the other.
At the end you have to measure your lifetime
value, you have to measure your CAC and
you will see if the numbers come
out or not.
It might not come out either, even
if it is Tonteo & Button, imagine that
users do not buy, it is not useful
for you.
But well, that’s the idea, try
to create a viral model with the
good part of buying and transactivity,
charging.
Music is